changelog:
v1.1 - added full url taken from href to column url instead of base url taken from div class r
	> this version includes 2 new methods
	i) find_fullurl
	ii) suffix_handler(util.py)

External Dependencies:
1)	there is a variable called CHROME_PATH which has to lead to your
	google chrome.exe

2)	In the 'browser' variable, make sure the first argument is a path
	pointing to chromedriver.exe 
	(I have added the driver in the zipfile which you can also download)

3)	You may comment out the options argument in the
	'browser' variable to run your browser in the foreground thus
	you may ignore step 1)

4)	I have left a break condition n > 10: at the bottom to stop the script after
	it populates at least 10 rows. Comment out or remove.

Python Dependencies:
1)	Selenium should be the only external library used.
2)	Python 3.8.3 will definitely vary from python 2.7 (no f-string support)

Usage guide:
1)	the method find_fullurl & suffix_handler discriminates against base urls that contain the word google in them. 
	This is to avoid other google links on the page unrelated to the search results
2)	if you specify the word none as a value for the dork option (-d), 
	you can omit dork format dork:keyword and just pass keyword. 
	[this is to allow usage of google operators that don't have colon pairs] 

Other locks:
1)	I have left a break condition n > 100: at the bottom to stop the script after
	it populates at least 100 rows. Comment out or remove.
2)	uncomment the second last line input('done...') if you want to see 
	the browser status at the end of the run. 
	Do not try to remove browser.close(). not sure what may happen if you
	leave Chrome in the background after execution.

Notes:
1)	you may adjust the timeout argument in util.py (default = 10 seconds)
2)	you may change the delimiter from the 'delimiter' variable  (default = '^')
3)	you may pass -f filename to specify the 'filename' (default = 'output.csv')
4)	this script is built to only run Chrome in the background. Selenium does
	however support other browsers.